Fix Typos and Improve Readability (#245)
rust-embedded/book: src/concurrency/index.md

We've moved our `unsafe` code to inside our carefully-planned abstraction,
and now our application code does not contain any `unsafe` blocks.

> This design requires the application to pass a `CriticalSection` token in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This design requires that the application passes a `CriticalSection` token in:
```

Author: If we use "that", should not it be "requires that the application pass (not passes)"?

Reviewer: Sure, I'm happy with "requires that the application pass a..."

Author: Thanks. I changed it to "requires that the application pass a...".

This is great for simple types like the `u32` of our counter, but what about
more complex types which are not Copy? An extremely common example in an

> embedded context is a peripheral struct, which generally is not Copy.

Reviewer: Thanks, it looks like `is not Copy` is the more commonly used spelling instead of `are not`.

Author: I just thought it must agree with the singular subject "a peripheral struct".

an `&Option<&GPIOA>` with `as_ref()`, which we can finally `unwrap()` to obtain
the `&GPIOA` which lets us modify the peripheral.

> If we need mutable references to shared resources, then `borrow_mut` and `deref_mut`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we need a mutable reference to a shared resource, then `borrow_mut` and `deref_mut`
```

Since we can only have one mutable reference to a given resource, perhaps keeping it in the singular is clearer here.
